Docs: per-fleet host activities webhook and enriched activity details (#50488)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Configuration/yaml-files.md

      destination_url: https://example.org/webhook_handler
```

#### host_activities_webhook

_Available in Fleet Premium._

- `enable_host_activities_webhook` (default: `false`)
- `destination_url` is the URL to `POST` to when an activity linked to one of the fleet's hosts is generated (default: `""`)

> Can be configured for specific fleets (`settings`) or "Unassigned" (`settings` in `unassigned.yml`). The webhook payload has the same format as [activities_webhook](#activities-webhook). MDM command results (shown via **Show MDM commands** on the host details page) are not activities and don't trigger this webhook yet. If `webhook_settings` is specified for "Unassigned" hosts and `host_activities_webhook` is omitted, the webhook is turned off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can be configured for specific fleets (`settings`) or "Unassigned" (`settings` in `unassigned.yml`). The webhook payload has the same format as [activities_webhook](#activities-webhook). MDM command results (shown via **Show MDM commands** on the host details page) are not returned via the activities API, and currently don't trigger this webhook. If `webhook_settings` is specified for "Unassigned" hosts and `host_activities_webhook` is omitted, the webhook is turned off.
```
